#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   edx-ace
    #   openedx-events
backoff==2.2.1
    # via segment-analytics-python
bleach==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
cachecontrol==0.14.0
    # via firebase-admin
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via edx-toggles
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
didkit==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django==4.2.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-push-notifications
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-statici18n
    #   django-storages
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-credentials-themes
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-sites-extensions
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-events
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   xss-utils
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via django-statici18n
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-filter==24.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-push-notifications==3.1.0
    # via edx-ace
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-simple-history==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-sortedm2m==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-statici18n==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-ace==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-auth-backends==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-ccx-keys==1.3.0
    # via openedx-events
edx-credentials-themes @ git+https://github.com/openedx/credentials-themes.git@0.4.20
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-sites-extensions==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-django-utils==5.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-event-bus-kafka==5.8.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-event-bus-redis @ git+https://github.com/openedx/event-bus-redis.git@v0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-i18n-tools==1.6.3
    # via edx-credentials-themes
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-rest-api-client==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
fastavro==1.9.7
    # via openedx-events
firebase-admin==6.5.0
    # via edx-ace
fontawesomefree==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.2
    # via
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.144.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-auth==2.34.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.18.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.66.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.66.1
    # via google-api-core
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.8
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
lxml[html-clean,html_clean]==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   edx-credentials-themes
    #   edx-i18n-tools
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements/base.in
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via cachecontrol
mysqlclient==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
newrelic==9.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via django-rest-swagger
openedx-atlas==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
openedx-events==9.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
packaging==24.1
    # via drf-yasg
path==16.16.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
pbr==6.1.0
    # via stevedore
pillow==10.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
polib==1.2.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==5.28.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   firebase-admin
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   social-auth-core
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pymongo==4.8.0
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via httplib2
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via qrcode
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   edx-ace
    #   segment-analytics-python
python-memcached==1.62
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
redis==5.0.8
    # via walrus
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sailthru-client
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via social-auth-core
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
sailthru-client==2.2.3
    # via edx-ace
segment-analytics-python==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.3
    # via
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   sailthru-client
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via django
stevedore==5.3.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   qrcode
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   requests
walrus==0.9.4
    # via edx-event-bus-redis
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
xss-utils==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
