#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-stubs
astroid==3.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ace
    #   openedx-events
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   segment-analytics-python
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
bleach==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
cachecontrol==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   firebase-admin
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   tox
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage==7.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
didkit==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
dill==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-push-notifications
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-statici18n
    #   django-storages
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-credentials-themes
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-sites-extensions
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-events
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   xss-utils
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-statici18n
django-config-models==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-debug-toolbar==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-filter==25.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-push-notifications==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ace
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-simple-history==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-sortedm2m==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-statici18n==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-storages==1.14.6
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-stubs==5.1.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-stubs-ext==5.1.3
    # via django-stubs
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.10
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-ace==1.11.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-credentials-themes @ git+https://github.com/openedx/credentials-themes.git@0.4.31
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-sites-extensions==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-event-bus-kafka==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-event-bus-redis @ git+https://github.com/openedx/event-bus-redis.git@v0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-i18n-tools==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-credentials-themes
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-rest-api-client==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==37.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
firebase-admin==6.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ace
fontawesomefree==6.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.166.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   firebase-admin
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpretty==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
lxml[html-clean]==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-credentials-themes
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   lxml-html-clean
lxml-html-clean==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   lxml
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cachecontrol
mypy==1.15.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==10.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
openedx-atlas==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
openedx-events==9.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path==16.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==11.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   black
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   firebase-admin
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pymongo==4.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httplib2
pyproject-api==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-django
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ace
    #   segment-analytics-python
python-memcached==1.62
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
pywatchman==2.0.0 ; "linux" in sys_platform
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   responses
qrcode==8.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   walrus
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cachecontrol
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   sailthru-client
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
responses==0.25.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   google-auth
sailthru-client==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ace
segment-analytics-python==2.3.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   sailthru-client
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.25.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250402
    # via django-stubs
typing-extensions==4.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   mypy
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
virtualenv==20.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
walrus==0.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
xss-utils==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
