#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.2.3
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   redis
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ace
    #   openedx-events
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   segment-analytics-python
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1 ; python_version < "3.9"
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
black==24.4.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via tox
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage==7.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.8.0rc2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
didkit==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
dill==0.3.8
    # via pylint
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-statici18n
    #   django-storages
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-credentials-themes
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-sites-extensions
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-events
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   xss-utils
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-statici18n
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==24.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-ratelimit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-sortedm2m==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-statici18n==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-webpack-loader==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.21.7
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-ace==1.9.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-ccx-keys==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-credentials-themes @ git+https://github.com/openedx/credentials-themes.git@0.4.17
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-sites-extensions==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-events
edx-drf-extensions==10.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-event-bus-kafka==5.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-event-bus-redis @ git+https://github.com/openedx/event-bus-redis.git@v0.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-i18n-tools==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-credentials-themes
edx-lint==5.3.7
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-rest-api-client==5.7.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
faker==26.0.0
    # via factory-boy
fastavro==1.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
fontawesomefree==6.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
httpretty==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   markdown
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   coreschema
lxml[html-clean]==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-credentials-themes
    #   edx-i18n-tools
markdown==3.6
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via pylint
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
mysqlclient==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
newrelic==9.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
openedx-atlas==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
openedx-events==9.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path==16.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==10.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.18.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.2.5
    # via
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pymongo==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   qrcode
pyproject-api==1.7.1
    # via tox
pytest==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   pytest-django
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ace
    #   faker
    #   segment-analytics-python
python-memcached==1.62
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   responses
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
redis==5.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   walrus
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   sailthru-client
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   social-auth-core
responses==0.25.3
    # via -r requirements/test.in
sailthru-client==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-ace
segment-analytics-python==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   sailthru-client
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
social-auth-app-django==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-ace
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
testfixtures==8.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.13.0
    # via pylint
tox==4.16.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   pylint
    #   qrcode
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via tox
walrus==0.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-redis
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
xss-utils==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
zipp==3.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
